on increase in operational tempo is it's a tough one. For my first ever
tour, I was on the USS lasting out in yakuza. Good opinion. And the
operational tempo there was, like, something that I've never experienced
before. It was definitely monster. Uh, s O. I would handle operations
tempo just simply by, you know, adapting my lifestyle around
what needed to be done at work and but also finding some work life
balance. I'm kind of a home body, so I would get off work late in the
evening. And, of course, you know, the things that I enjoy watching
on TV, we're coming out early in the morning, which were like football.
So I would still make sure I got in, say, two or three hours
to watch some sports center to sit at home and cook some chicken wings
and, you know, being my happy place and just sit and watch TV for
a couple hours. But that that little bit of time, you know, will allow
you to I kind of feel your gas tank back up and get ready for the
next